Update docs based on review (#18)
datamol-io/molfeat: docs/index.md

# Overview

> Molfeat is a centralized hub of molecular featurizers. It supports a wide variety of out-of-the-box molecular featurizers and can be easily extended to include custom featurizers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Molfeat is a hub of molecular featurizers. It supports a wide variety of out-of-the-box molecular featurizers and can be easily extended to include your own custom featurizers.
```

Reviewer: Should this be `molfeat` or `Molfeat`? I'm a bit confused going through the feedback as to how we use capitalization.

### Installing Plugins

> The functionality of Molfeat can be extended through plugins. The use of a plugin system ensures that the core package remains easy to install and as light as possible, while making it easy to extend its functionality with plug-and-play components. Additionally, it ensures that plugins can be developed independently from the core package, removing the bottleneck of a central party that reviews and approves new plugins. Consult the molfeat documentation for more details on how to [create](developers/create-plugin.md) your own plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functionality of molfeat can be extended through plugins. The use of a plugin system ensures that the core package remains easy to install and as light as possible, while making it easy to extend its functionality with plug-and-play components. Additionally, it ensures that plugins can be developed independently from the core package, removing the bottleneck of a central party that reviews and approves new plugins. Consult the molfeat documentation for more details on how to [create](developers/create-plugin.md) your own plugins.
```
